MAP EDITOR LICENSE
=======
Limitation of scope of license
----
This license applies to all code, software and assets developed by Nikolaj R Christensen for this project,
This license DOES NOT override the license for third party assets and c++ libraries distributed alongside this project

A full list of third party assets, and their licenses are included after this license

Nevertheless, all third party assets distributed in this project permit distribution of said assets.

license, for Country Brawl
------------
MIT LICENSE, Nikolaj R Christensen 2025

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Third party libraries
================
Standard C++ libraries by the ISOCPP foundation
----------------------
Standard C++ library has been used, AND this project includes and distributes the MinGW compatible DLL files `libgcc_s_seh-1.dll`, `libstdc++-6.dll`, `libwinpthread-1.dll`

    These libraries are licensed under the GNU General Public License v3 with the GCC Runtime Library Exception:

    Copyright (C) 2009 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <http://fsf.org/>

    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
    This GCC Runtime Library Exception ("Exception") is an additional permission under section 7 of the GNU General Public License, version 3 ("GPLv3"). It applies to a given file (the "Runtime Library") that bears a notice placed by the copyright holder of the file stating that the file is governed by GPLv3 along with this Exception.

    When you use GCC to compile a program, GCC may combine portions of certain GCC header files and runtime libraries with the compiled program. The purpose of this Exception is to allow compilation of non-GPL (including proprietary) programs to use, in this way, the header files and runtime libraries covered by this Exception.

        0. Definitions.

        A file is an "Independent Module" if it either requires the Runtime Library for execution after a Compilation Process, or makes use of an interface provided by the Runtime Library, but is not otherwise based on the Runtime Library.

        "GCC" means a version of the GNU Compiler Collection, with or without modifications, governed by version 3 (or a specified later version) of the GNU General Public License (GPL) with the option of using any subsequent versions published by the FSF.

        "GPL-compatible Software" is software whose conditions of propagation, modification and use would permit combination with GCC in accord with the license of GCC.

        "Target Code" refers to output from any compiler for a real or virtual target processor architecture, in executable form or suitable for input to an assembler, loader, linker and/or execution phase. Notwithstanding that, Target Code does not include data in any format that is used as a compiler intermediate representation, or used for producing a compiler intermediate representation.

        The "Compilation Process" transforms code entirely represented in non-intermediate languages designed for human-written code, and/or in Java Virtual Machine byte code, into Target Code. Thus, for example, use of source code generators and preprocessors need not be considered part of the Compilation Process, since the Compilation Process can be understood as starting with the output of the generators or preprocessors.

        A Compilation Process is "Eligible" if it is done using GCC, alone or with other GPL-compatible software, or if it is done without using any work based on GCC. For example, using non-GPL-compatible Software to optimize any GCC intermediate representations would not qualify as an Eligible Compilation Process.
        1. Grant of Additional Permission.

        You have permission to propagate a work of Target Code formed by combining the Runtime Library with Independent Modules, even if such propagation would otherwise violate the terms of GPLv3, provided that all Target Code was generated by Eligible Compilation Processes. You may then convey such a combination under terms of your choice, consistent with the licensing of the Independent Modules.
        2. No Weakening of GCC Copyleft.

    The availability of this Exception does not imply any general presumption that third-party software is unaffected by the copyleft requirements of the license of GCC.

SDL2 Libraries by Sam Lantinga and the SDL community
-------------
The Simple Directmedia Library 2 (and extensions thereof) have been used in this project, AND this project includes and distributes SDL DLL files

Library and header files are not included in this project.

The SDL2 library and extensions are distribued under the ZLIB license:

    This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
    warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
    arising from the use of this software.

    Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
    including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
    freely, subject to the following restrictions:

    1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
       claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
       in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
       appreciated but is not required.
    2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
       misrepresented as being the original software.
    3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

Niels Lohmann's Json library
------------------------
The nlohmnann json library is included and distributed (as a header file, json.cpp, since it is a single-header library)

It is licensed under the MIT license

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


STB image reading and writing libraries by Sean Barrett
---------------------------
The `stb_image` and `std_image_write` libraries are included and distributed (as they are single header file libraries)

It is licensed under two different licenses for some reason, full license text:

    This software is available under 2 licenses -- choose whichever you prefer.
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    ALTERNATIVE A - MIT License
    Copyright (c) 2017 Sean Barrett
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
    this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
    the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
    use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
    of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
    so, subject to the following conditions:
    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.
    ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    ALTERNATIVE B - Public Domain (www.unlicense.org)
    This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.
    Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute this
    software, either in source code form or as a compiled binary, for any purpose,
    commercial or non-commercial, and by any means.
    In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors of this
    software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the software to the public
    domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to
    the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an
    overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to
    this software under copyright law.
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
    ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
    WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


Third party music
========
OdeToJoy.mp3 Ode to Joy - Symphony No. 9, Op. 125, by L. van Beethoven and S. Odamaki, performed by Gregor Quendel
-----
Recorded, produced, and published by: Gregor Quendel
The arrangement is based on the notes by: S. Odamaki
Original composed by Ludwig Van Beethoven.

Original link: https://www.classicals.de/beethoven-ode-to-joy

Copyright (for the arrangement and recording):  Creative Commons - Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International


Other third party assets
====

Atkinson Hyperlegible font by the Braile institute
----------------------
Developed and owned by the Braile institute, the Atkinson Hyperlegible font is licensed under the SIL openfont license:

    PREAMBLE

    The goals of the Open Font License (OFL) are to stimulate worldwide development of collaborative font projects, to support the font creation efforts of academic and linguistic communities, and to provide a free and open framework in which fonts may be shared and improved in partnership with others.

    The OFL allows the licensed fonts to be used, studied, modified and redistributed freely as long as they are not sold by themselves. The fonts, including any derivative works, can be bundled, embedded, redistributed and/or sold with any software provided that any reserved names are not used by derivative works. The fonts and derivatives, however, cannot be released under any other type of license. The requirement for fonts to remain under this license does not apply to any document created using the fonts or their derivatives.
    DEFINITIONS

    “Font Software” refers to the set of files released by the Copyright Holder(s) under this license and clearly marked as such. This may include source files, build scripts and documentation.

    “Reserved Font Name” refers to any names specified as such after the copyright statement(s).

    “Original Version” refers to the collection of Font Software components as distributed by the Copyright Holder(s).

    “Modified Version” refers to any derivative made by adding to, deleting, or substituting – in part or in whole – any of the components of the Original Version, by changing formats or by porting the Font Software to a new environment.

    “Author” refers to any designer, engineer, programmer, technical writer or other person who contributed to the Font Software.
    PERMISSION & CONDITIONS

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the Font Software, to use, study, copy, merge, embed, modify, redistribute, and sell modified and unmodified copies of the Font Software, subject to the following conditions:

        Neither the Font Software nor any of its individual components, in Original or Modified Versions, may be sold by itself.

        Original or Modified Versions of the Font Software may be bundled, redistributed and/or sold with any software, provided that each copy contains the above copyright notice and this license. These can be included either as stand-alone text files, human-readable headers or in the appropriate machine-readable metadata fields within text or binary files as long as those fields can be easily viewed by the user.

        No Modified Version of the Font Software may use the Reserved Font Name(s) unless explicit written permission is granted by the corresponding Copyright Holder. This restriction only applies to the primary font name as presented to the users.

        The name(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) or the Author(s) of the Font Software shall not be used to promote, endorse or advertise any Modified Version, except to acknowledge the contribution(s) of the Copyright Holder(s) and the Author(s) or with their explicit written permission.

        The Font Software, modified or unmodified, in part or in whole, must be distributed entirely under this license, and must not be distributed under any other license. The requirement for fonts to remain under this license does not apply to any document created using the Font Software.

    TERMINATION

    This license becomes null and void if any of the above conditions are not met.
    DISCLAIMER

    THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.

